docs: create standards for tables, forms, api and testing (#5830)
canonical-web-and-design/maas-ui: docs/component-standards/api-hooks.md

# API Query and Mutation Hooks Standards

## TL;DR

- Auto-generated SDK lives in `src/app/apiclient`

> - Manually write hooks in `src/app/api/query/` using the generated SDK

Reviewer: We are technically not using the SDK. We are using the react-query.ts hooks, which in turn use the SDK.
```suggestion
- Manually write hooks in `src/app/api/query/` using the generated react-query.ts hooks
```
